no human being has truly black eyes
well unless you get in a fight but let's
play nice okay
some of us do have a lot of mel in it so
the eye
might appear almost pitch black but a
lot depends on lighting conditions
in fact those who are believed to have
black eyes just have a really dark brown
eye color
an eyelash is here to stay for 150 days
only the world record for longest
eyelash was about
three inches you can whip yourself with
that eyelashes are also home for tiny
mites
the world's most common eye color is
brown there are loads of different
shades of brown
but the fun thing is they're actually
blue underneath
all blue-eyed people have the same
ancestor as every other blue-eyed person
in the world
tears aren't just salty water they're
made of lipids which is basically oil
water and mucus the salinity makes our
tears
antibacterial the coolest camera so far
has 200 megapixels the human eye has 576
megapixels
that's why sunsets are so much better in
real life than in photos
we blink about four million two hundred
thousand times a year
at least once every eight seconds it
would be cool if we were given a cent
every time we blink we would make more
than one hundred dollars per
day it takes about a month for all your
skin cells to renew
we shed about thirty thousand dead cells
every sixty seconds
losing about eight pounds of skin each
year
our fingernails grow way faster than
toenails toenails grow almost four times
slower
because they accrue less damage than
fingernails
even though we often stub our toes a
sudden circulation burst
doesn't usually last long a human
produces from half a quart
to one liter of saliva every day
depending on the person
that's enough saliva in a year to fill a
bathtub
no spit saliva acts as a perfect remedy
wounds in our mouth heal way faster than
everywhere else
it also helps to taste food our taste
buds are ready to perceive
food only when it's dissolved by saliva
it may sound incredible but our bones
are stronger than they may seem
a cubic inch of human bone can bear
about nineteen
thousand pounds making it four times
stronger than concrete
wait is that where the term block head
came from
the only thing that makes our blood
types different is sugar
a b and a b types have sugars while
o has none making it perfect for donors
no sugar doesn't make o type less sweet
in fact
it attracts mosquitoes even more than
other blood types
people have only eight blood types while
cows have 800
and possibly more holy cow
usually we shed about 50 to 150 hairs a
day
an average lifespan of a hair is five
years and as soon as an old hair
says goodbye to your scalp a new one
starts growing immediately
human hair is stronger than the same
diameter copper wire
a single strand can hold up to 3.4
ounces of weight
and if used properly a full head can
hold up to 18
500 pounds our stomach is bigger than it
may seem
with a capacity of nearly half a pound
in extreme conditions
the average is around 32 ounces food is
digested within four to six
hours and it can also dissolve metal so
capacity matters lips are much more
sensitive than fingers
having around a million nerve endings
that makes them 100
times as sensitive as fingertips so
doing the math
i'm guessing that kissing is 100 times
better than holding hands
maybe grooves and furrows make our lip
print unique
just like fingerprints they also remain
unchanged throughout our life
your tongue print is unique too by the
way
our belly buttons have an entire zoo in
them with a range of about 70 different
bacteria
some of them can also be found in soil
in japan and even
bacteria typically found at the polar
ice caps yeah
right there your belly button our bodies
actually glow
now we can't see it with our regular
eyesight because the light we emit
is 1000 times less intense than the
minimum level we can perceive
so you'll have to trust me on this one
humans are the only living things on
earth that can blush
it's provoked by an adrenaline rush
carmon used in blushes and lipsticks
is a red dye made of ground up beetles
our eyes keep growing throughout our
lives they sweat too
and earwax is actually a kind of sweat
they produce
by the way the nose never stops growing
either
especially when you're lying the heart
is the only muscle that never gets tired
the aorta is massive its diameter is
almost as large as a hose in your garden
we emit about 500 to 1500 milliliters of
gases
every day which is enough to fill a
small balloon
hey get the neighborhood together and
fill up a blimp
it's worth a shot fat helps our bodies
consume
vitamins vitamins a d k and
e will absorb better when consumed with
fat
our bodies have enough fat to produce
seven bars of
soap some parts of the brain can
self-cannibalize eating its own neurons
and proteins
if you don't provide them with enough
nutrients for example
the hypothalamus responsible for your
sleep hunger and body temperature can do
so
believe it or not you can't inhale and
swallow at the same time
i know you just tried the pharynx is
used as an air passage when you inhale
or as a food passage when you swallow
if you flatten all the wrinkles that
your brain has it would look like a
pillowcase
when we're awake our brain may produce
enough energy to power an electric bulb
it has 10 watts of power in your body
you carry enough bacteria to fill a can
bacteria makes about three to five
pounds of your weight
representing two percent of our total
weight still
most of them are waste products the
average body temperature is a range of
97 to 99 degrees fahrenheit
the highest fever ever recorded was a
critical 115 degrees
a pinky finger may be the smallest one
but it's the strongest one too
fifty percent of your hand strength
comes from your pinky
a human being has about twenty thousand
to twenty five thousand
genes seems impressive right still
corn flakes have more genes than we do
cornflakes one
human zero luckily it's about
sophistication
not the quantity this time we consist of
many chemical elements
including iron the iron in our bodies is
enough to produce three nails
each one inch long the carbon in our
bodies can be used for 900 pencils
our liver has a superpower of
regenerating if part of it was removed
it can grow back to the size that your
body needs
a roller coaster actually tosses your
organs around
when you feel like your stomach's
falling down it's actually
falling inside your body even though
people have an absolute
unique smell identical twins smell
almost the same
it must be because they have identical
genes
almost half of your taste buds will have
gone away by the time you turn 60.
so maybe you'll finally start eating
that broccoli
your sense of smell gets less acute as
you get older too
when you cough you release the air at
about 60 miles per hour
our skin is the biggest organ we have
it's also one of the most massive organs
weighing up to nine pounds if we could
spread out all the skin we have
it would cover about 20 square feet
hiccups is a two-step process first you
suck in a lot of air because of a muscle
spasm
and then bang the airways are closed the
air is blocked
and the famous sound goes inside
we don't smell when we sleep that's why
it's almost
impossible to notice a gas leak at night
while sleeping
we can rely only on sound because sleep
can be disrupted by noise
out of all the senses smell is the most
acute
except if you're sleeping we remember 65
percent of odors
after a year but only 50 percent of what
we've seen
over the last three weeks we also get a
new nose
every 28 days because the nose cells are
renewed
every four weeks as for taste again
we mostly rely on our sense of smell
since it helps us perceive up to 95
percent of the flavor
without smell it'd be hard to tell an
apple from a turnip
well a bunch of flowers may be fragrant
for you some people suffer from
caccosmia
they perceive all sense as something
odorous
we need ears not only for hearing but
for balance
too our vestibular system occupies the
inner ear
canals in your inner ear contain fluid
and tiny sensor hairs
that help you keep your balance if you
have red eyes in a photo
blame it on bouncing light the flash
jumps off the capillaries in your eyes
creating that effect finally all the
bones in our body are connected to each
other
except for the hyoid this bone serves as
a support to your tongue
and it's one of the rarest bones to
break